README.md, before:

# Nervous System

https://adwowamontford.github.io/nervous-system/

The nervous system website aimed to teach children about the nervous system stress responses by comparing it to the solar system. The website is themed for approachability with simple to understand language that is appropriate for children. The resources page provides useful links to empower people to gain more information to help themselves and those around them. 

## Features 
### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__
  
The navigation bar, which is featured on all pages, is full responsive across all screen sizes to provide easy navigation between the home and resources page. 
Each page of the website includes a fully functional navigation bar which provides easy navigation between the home and the resources page. It is responsive across various screen sizes.
UX 
•	Text styled with the same color and font used throughout the website
•	subtle star background which adherers to user story 1 by adding a layer of whimsy.

![Nav Bar](ADD)

- __The landing page__
The landing page of the website
The landing page is also fully responsive across all screensizes. The language used throughout the page is simple and informative. The core aim of this page is to explain stress responses in a non clinical manner. So, it includes various illustrations. The background a night sky filled with stars. 
The landing page is responsive across all screen sizes. The core aim of the page is to explain stress responses in a non-clinical manner. So, the language used is simple to understand. Each section is divided into a description of the response and how to deal with it. There is a video embedded with grounding techniques. This is also fully responsive across screen sizes and includes aria accessibility notations.

UI

•	space theme both visually and within the text
•	the illustrations of the objects discussed aim to help with attention and comprehension.
•	There are line breaks and padding between sections which could be used by an adult to explain the concepts further per user story 3.

![Landing Page](ADD)

- __Resources page__
The aim of the resources page is to provide links for more information. The information is aimed at both children and adults so while the language used is still simple, there is a more professional feel.
The resources page is responsive across all screen sizes.

UI
•	Themed to match the rest of the website.
•	No illustrations as the page is aimed at both children and adults.

![Footer](ADD)
- __The Footer__ 
The footer section includes links to the major social media sites; this is valuable for keeping in connected even after the user is no longer on the site. As this is an app aimed at younger people, social media is even more relevant because of it’s popularity among that demographic. In a public facing website, this would link to the unique pages of the organization. In this project, it links to the front pages of each social. The icons open in a new tab to retain users.

UI
- plain black background for the icons to stand out
- secondary color used to remain on theme without overshadowing the content in the primary color themes.
  - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Love Running. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user. 
  - The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

### Features Left to Implement
Due to time constraints, I was unable to complete a contact forms page. 

## Testing 
### Validator Testing 
Throughout the development of the site there was manual testing as well as CSS and HTML validation services. Using lighthouse testing, the site currently scores:

* 99 in Performace
* 100 in Accessability
* 100 in SEO
* 78 in Best Practices
While performance, accessibility and SEO within tolerance, the best practices is not. I will continue to learn and improve in order to bring this up in my upcoming projects. 

![Results from the lighthouse testing] ADD 
![Results from testing the image validation] ADD

### Unfixed Bugs
I debugged throughout the project, as a result, the final project has no bugs, 

## Deployment
The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
•	Go to the Settings tab of your GitHub repo.
•	On the left-hand sidebar, in the Code and automation section, select Pages.
•	Make sure the source is set to 'Deploy from Branch'.
•	Make sure the main branch is selected.
•	Make sure the folder is set to / (root).
•	Under Branch, click Save.
•	Go back to the Code tab and wait a few minutes before refreshing.
•	On the right-hand side in the Deployments section click on 'github-pages'.
•	The latest deployed link will appear at the top of the page.
The live project is here: https://adwowamontford.github.io/nervous-system/ 
## Credits 

In this section you need to reference where you got your content, media and extra help from. It is common practice to use code from other repositories and tutorials, however, it is important to be very specific about these sources to avoid plagiarism. 

You can break the credits section up into Content and Media, depending on what you have included in your project. 

### Content 
- The illustration were purchased from [FlatIcons](https://www.flaticon.com/free-animated-icons/weather)
- The icons in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

### Media
- The photos used throughout the website were sourced from an open-source website, Unsplash.

Commit message:

Add user stories to README
Added user stories to the README to clarify target audience needs.

README.md, after:

# Nervous System

https://adwowamontford.github.io/nervous-system/

The nervous system website aimed to teach children about the nervous system stress responses by comparing it to the solar system. The website is themed for approachability with simple to understand language that is appropriate for children. The resources page provides useful links to empower people to gain more information to help themselves and those around them. 

#user stories
1. As a child, I want the website to be colorful and fun, even though the topic is sad, so that I can feel more comfortable and safe while using it.
2. As a child, I want the website content to use simple and easy-to-understand words, so that I can read and understand it on my own.
3. As a parent, I want a gentle and approachable way to talk to my child about mental health, using comparisons to physical objects, so that they can better understand and relate to complex emotions.
4. As an aunt, I want to access further resources so that I can better support my niece as she navigates her parents' divorce.
5. As a mentor to children, I may have questions about the website’s content or features, so I need a clear and accessible way to contact someone for support or clarification.
6. As a teacher, I value feedback. I want the website to give clear confirmation messages when I submit something, so that I know my action was successful and feel confident it's been received.
7. As a social worker, I want to see testimonials showing that the website has been effective in helping people, so that I can decide whether to recommend it to those I support.

## Features 
### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__
  
The navigation bar, which is featured on all pages, is full responsive across all screen sizes to provide easy navigation between the home and resources page. 
Each page of the website includes a fully functional navigation bar which provides easy navigation between the home and the resources page. It is responsive across various screen sizes.
UX 
•	Text styled with the same color and font used throughout the website
•	subtle star background which adherers to user story 1 by adding a layer of whimsy.

![Nav Bar](ADD)

- __The landing page__
The landing page of the website
The landing page is also fully responsive across all screensizes. The language used throughout the page is simple and informative. The core aim of this page is to explain stress responses in a non clinical manner. So, it includes various illustrations. The background a night sky filled with stars. 
The landing page is responsive across all screen sizes. The core aim of the page is to explain stress responses in a non-clinical manner. So, the language used is simple to understand. Each section is divided into a description of the response and how to deal with it. There is a video embedded with grounding techniques. This is also fully responsive across screen sizes and includes aria accessibility notations.

UI

•	space theme both visually and within the text
•	the illustrations of the objects discussed aim to help with attention and comprehension.
•	There are line breaks and padding between sections which could be used by an adult to explain the concepts further per user story 3.

![Landing Page](ADD)

- __Resources page__
The aim of the resources page is to provide links for more information. The information is aimed at both children and adults so while the language used is still simple, there is a more professional feel.
The resources page is responsive across all screen sizes.

UI
•	Themed to match the rest of the website.
•	No illustrations as the page is aimed at both children and adults.

![Footer](ADD)
- __The Footer__ 
The footer section includes links to the major social media sites; this is valuable for keeping in connected even after the user is no longer on the site. As this is an app aimed at younger people, social media is even more relevant because of it’s popularity among that demographic. In a public facing website, this would link to the unique pages of the organization. In this project, it links to the front pages of each social. The icons open in a new tab to retain users.

UI
- plain black background for the icons to stand out
- secondary color used to remain on theme without overshadowing the content in the primary color themes.
  - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Love Running. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user. 
  - The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

### Features Left to Implement
Due to time constraints, I was unable to complete a contact forms page. 

## Testing 
### Validator Testing 
Throughout the development of the site there was manual testing as well as CSS and HTML validation services. Using lighthouse testing, the site currently scores:

* 99 in Performace
* 100 in Accessability
* 100 in SEO
* 78 in Best Practices
While performance, accessibility and SEO within tolerance, the best practices is not. I will continue to learn and improve in order to bring this up in my upcoming projects. 

![Results from the lighthouse testing] ADD 
![Results from testing the image validation] ADD

### Unfixed Bugs
I debugged throughout the project, as a result, the final project has no bugs, 

## Deployment
The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
•	Go to the Settings tab of your GitHub repo.
•	On the left-hand sidebar, in the Code and automation section, select Pages.
•	Make sure the source is set to 'Deploy from Branch'.
•	Make sure the main branch is selected.
•	Make sure the folder is set to / (root).
•	Under Branch, click Save.
•	Go back to the Code tab and wait a few minutes before refreshing.
•	On the right-hand side in the Deployments section click on 'github-pages'.
•	The latest deployed link will appear at the top of the page.
The live project is here: https://adwowamontford.github.io/nervous-system/ 
## Credits 

In this section you need to reference where you got your content, media and extra help from. It is common practice to use code from other repositories and tutorials, however, it is important to be very specific about these sources to avoid plagiarism. 

You can break the credits section up into Content and Media, depending on what you have included in your project. 

### Content 
- The illustration were purchased from [FlatIcons](https://www.flaticon.com/free-animated-icons/weather)
- The icons in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

### Media
- The photos used throughout the website were sourced from an open-source website, Unsplash.
